I do and it's Kevin long from big night
entertainment group and this is a this
is something that I'm not super expert
at but I try real hard this is some
nigiri tuna and salmon
so basically our nigiri the root of the
word basically means finger finger of
rice so we've got some prepared sushi
rice over here and you're simply going
to form the rice and put the fish over
it we have some some super nice
yellowfin tuna here the idea for a
nigiri cut on the tuna is to really kind
of take take the fish and you're going
to cut it really at an angle so you can
see I have the square block here I'm
going to cut this at an angle your first
piece you can use for something else
you're just going to cut another thin
slice to produce this sort of angled cut
then we're going to do basically the
same thing it's a little bigger piece
with the salmon
we're going to do that same sort of
angled cut here produce these nice thin
almost like bias cut pieces of fish
so when you're when you're operating
with your prepared sushi rice you always
want your hands damp so that the sticky
sushi rice won't stick to your hands you
don't want to get too wet you just form
this little little foot ball almost you
don't want to crush the rice just want
to form it fairly gently then drape the
fish over it
traditionally form and I'll lay that big
nice piece of fish draped over there
formed over the rice so it's that same
little shape you start out usually kind
of crush it a little bit people are
usually scared to not crush it enough or
you know to keep it together or they're
scared that they're you know and they
over crush it you want to kind of find
that that happy medium there where your
where your fish comes out your your rice
comes out nice and sort of held together
but not really smushed
we try to do as much as you can with the
one hand on the right so you don't pass
it to the other hand it's the same thing
with the tuna basically goes over gets a
little form in gets turned around you're
just going to get that right balance of
keeping your hands just wet enough for
that that rice doesn't stick to you
I will spin around form in that so that
basically the fish kind of drapes over
the sides it's pretty simple but that is
a that is basically how you put it
together so a little nigiri of salmon
and tuna so here you go I'm Kevin long
the executive chef with big night
Entertainment Group and this is a some
simple nigiri of salmon and tuna